Remove save_primary_header, inherit_primary_header attributes (#985)
ejeschke/ginga: doc/WhatsNew.rst

- Fixed an issue where the Catalogs plugin would not start correctly if
  astroquery was not installed

> - Begin deprecation of kwargs save_primary_header and
>   inherit_primary_header in the AstroImage class

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The keywords ``save_primary_header`` and ``inherit_primary_header`` in the ``AstroImage``
  constructor are deprecated. Use ``save_primary_header`` keyword in ``AstroImage.load_hdu()``
  or ``AstroImage.load_file()`` methods instead. Several other methods in ``AstroImage`` are
  deprecated as well; they were previously pending deprecation.
```
